data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/camphish                                      camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/camphish-get-photos                           camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/LICENSE                            camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/LiveYTTV.html                      camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/README.md                          camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/camphish                           camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/camphish.sh                        camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/festivalwishes.html                camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/index.php                          camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/index2.html                        camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/ip.php                             camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/ngrok                              camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/ngrok.sh                           camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/post.php                           camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/saved.ip.txt                       camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/CamPhish/template.php                       camphish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-protocols.pc                libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/stable/presentation-time/presentation-time.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/stable/xdg-shell/xdg-shell.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/stable/viewporter/viewporter.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xwayland-keyboard-grab/xwayland-keyboard-grab-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/input-timestamps/input-timestamps-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/tablet/tablet-unstable-v2.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/tablet/tablet-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/linux-dmabuf/linux-dmabuf-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/primary-selection/primary-selection-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/linux-explicit-synchronization/linux-explicit-synchronization-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/pointer-gestures/pointer-gestures-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-shell/xdg-shell-unstable-v5.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-shell/xdg-shell-unstable-v6.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-output/xdg-output-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/fullscreen-shell/fullscreen-shell-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/input-method/input-method-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/keyboard-shortcuts-inhibit/keyboard-shortcuts-inhibit-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-foreign/xdg-foreign-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-foreign/xdg-foreign-unstable-v2.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-decoration/xdg-decoration-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/idle-inhibit/idle-inhibit-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/pointer-constraints/pointer-constraints-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/text-input/text-input-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/text-input/text-input-unstable-v3.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/relative-pointer/relative-pointer-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libwayland-protocols/LICENSE            libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-cursor.a                           libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-egl.a                              libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-server.la                          libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-client.a                           libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-egl.la                             libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-cursor.la                          libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-server.a                           libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-client.la                          libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-egl.so                             libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-cursor.so                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-client.pc                   libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-cursor.pc                   libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-egl-backend.pc              libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-egl.pc                      libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-scanner.pc                  libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-server.pc                   libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-client.so                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-server.so                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-cursor.h                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-client.h                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-server.h                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-util.h                            libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-client-core.h                     libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-version.h                         libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-egl-backend.h                     libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-server-core.h                     libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-egl-core.h                        libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-server-protocol.h                 libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-egl.h                             libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-client-protocol.h                 libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/wayland-scanner                               libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/aclocal/wayland-scanner.m4                  libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland/wayland.xml                         libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland/wayland-scanner.mk                  libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland/wayland.dtd                         libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libwayland/LICENSE                      libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/protocol.txt                             xwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/Xwayland                                      xwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compiled/README.compiled            xwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/Xserver.1.gz                       xwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xwayland/LICENSE                        xwayland
